welcome to movies explained today we're
looking at don't breathe
alex money and rocky three young people
break into a lavish house and steal
valuable items from clothes books and
show pieces they pack everything that
they can find at the end of their
robbery alex throws a rock at the window
and breaks the glass all three of them
leave when the job is completed the
three teenagers are delinquents of
detroit
while they are driving back rocky tells
alex that she will leave detroit and fly
to california alex looks concerned and
asks her when she'll be coming back she
tells him that she'll not be returning
ever rocky tries to convince alex to go
with her and money to california but he
refuses the offer by saying that he
cannot leave his father behind rocky
smiles at alex and tells him that she's
going to miss him alex walks into his
home when he enters the house he calls
for his dad who's not there
he gets some information out of his
computer and leaves money sells a stolen
item to a person who does not give him a
fair price he advises money that if he
wants to make more money he would have
to steal more money receives a tip that
an army veteran who lives in an
abandoned neighborhood has almost three
hundred thousand dollars in his house
the three teenagers plan the robbery
where the man lives alone money tells
rocky and alex that the guy is a loner
with no family alex uses the information
he got from his dad's computer to see
the details of the house they conclude
that the place seems like a dump money
tells them that the man lost his
daughter when a rich preppy girl ran her
over with her car the wealthy family
paid the man and the man settled with
the family of the girl money gets
excited at the idea of owning 300k rocky
questions him about whether the man will
keep all of that cash in his house money
responds that we're gonna find out alex
jumps into the discussion and says that
we don't do cash anything above 10k is
grand larceny and if they get caught
they can go to jail for 10 years rocky
assures him that they're not going to
get caught alex still expresses concern
that such a considerable amount of money
will bring serious attention and the
police will carry a full investigation
rocky once again makes an effort to calm
him down and says that if we do this one
robbery right we never have to do
anything like this again alex not being
satisfied leaves the place and says that
he's not going to be a part of this
later that night alex searches the
details of the man and reads about the
six digit settlement that he got rocky
comes home where her alcoholic mother
and broke boyfriend keep asking her for
money her little sister diddy says to
her that she wants to go to a beach
rocky tells her that there aren't any
beaches in michigan alex texts her about
the robbery which gives her hope of
getting out of the toxic environment
with diddy she promises her that they
will go to a beach in california and
will move there together money convinces
alex to do this one last robbery for him
they go to the neighborhood where the
man lives to check out the surroundings
money goes to check out the situation
while alex and rocky are waiting in the
car alex notices the tattoo rocky has on
her hand and asks her about it she tells
him that it's a ladybug she says that
her dad left them when she was a child
and her mother held her responsible she
used to cry a lot her mother got tired
of it so she was to lock her in the back
of her truck for hours there was a
little hole in the trunk and a ladybug
kept her company and made her feel safe
so she has it on her hand and will get
it colored when she gets to california
alex tells her that he will be going to
california with them rocky looks back at
him smiles and says i know you will
money comes back to the car and tells
him that there are no people and no
police patrol the robbery is going to be
a piece of cake while they're discussing
the idea a dog comes and jumps at
rocky's window and starts barking money
becomes angry and screams at him they
hear a man whistling towards the dog
which makes the dog go away at this
point they discover that the man is who
they are planning to rob and that he's
blind alex questions about their heist
and says are we going to rob a blind man
money shuts him down by saying that he
may be blind but he's not a saint at
night the three of them sneak into the
empty neighborhood money guesses that
the lights are off so the man must be
asleep they decide to take care of the
dog first they throw a little piece of
meat to the dog which puts him in a deep
sleep they reach the front door they try
to open it but fail to do so alex spots
a window and rocky says that she can
quickly get in alex shows concern and
says that we're not sending you in alone
she says that i'm doing it myself they
help her get in and alex says that in 30
seconds rocky has to turn the alarm off
she jumps from the window into the
bathroom and walks around the house
trying to find the alarm and turns it
off alex and money get into an argument
related to rocky money warms him to stay
in the friend zone and that rocky is his
girl rocky opens the door and all of
them enter the house they take their
shoes off to avoid making any sounds
they start searching the place for the
cash money goes upstairs where the blind
man is sleeping in his room a video of a
little girl is playing on the tv the man
wakes up turns the tape off and goes
back to sleep again money sets down a
chlorobomb comes back down and informs
his friends that the man is asleep they
discover a room with a large lock on the
outside thinking that the cash is hidden
in the room they try to break the lock
money fails to open it but then pulls
out a gun to complete the job alex is
displeased with the gun and tells him
that this will give the man a legal
right to shoot them rocky says the money
that he's never pulled the trigger
before when he responds that he's gonna
pop his cherries tonight alex says i'm
out of here and decides to leave money
fires the gun and breaks the lock
suddenly they see the blind man standing
behind them money starts making excuses
that he was wasted and broke in and just
wants to leave he then threatens the man
if he comes closer and he threatens to
kill him the blind man comes closer to
money grabs his gun and starts choking
him money begs the blind man to let him
live the man asks him how many intruders
are there money says he's the only one
rocky stands there trying not to make a
sound the man shoots money in the face
rocky moves and hides in the closet
after he kills money he bashes his head
against the wall rocky becomes scared
and starts crying when alex hears the
gunshot he comes back to check in on his
friends he becomes scared when he sees
the man dragging money down the hall the
blind man locks the main door and gets
the gun alex hides in the bathroom the
blind man walks in and starts sailing
all the entrances rocky texts alex and
tells him that she's hiding in the
closet and that money is dead alex says
he'll come and get her the blind man
walks into the closet where rocky's
hiding he removes a slap from the wall
and opens up a safe to check for his
cash rocky sees him enter the code and
she remembers it when the blind man
leaves alex walks into the closet rocky
then gets up enters the code and opens
up the safe she puts all of the money in
a bag
alex tells her that the only way out is
the storm cellar they're on their way to
the basement when they see the blind man
dragging money's body they try to stay
quiet but alex steps back and the floor
creaks behind him and the floor creek
alerts the blind man he points the gun
from left to right and he's about to
lower it when the phone rings he shoots
at it and then continues dragging the
body down the hall rocky opens the door
to the basement and climbs the ladder
down alex follows her they're trying to
find a way out while the blind man can
be seen trying to get rid of money's
body while walking out the man can smell
alex and rocky's shoes he realizes that
there are more intruders in the house he
immediately goes to his safe and
realizes that the money is gone he
becomes angry rocky and alex are still
trying to find their way a woman jumps
on to rocky and alex and tries to grab
them which rings a bell alerting the
blind man rocky moves closer to her and
tells alex that she's a girl who killed
the blind man's daughter she insists on
helping her and taking her with them
alex says that they can't do it while
they're discussing the girl they hear
heavy footsteps approaching the girl
points towards the safe alex enters the
same password rocky used on the safe to
get the cash
he finds a pair of keys in the safe they
take the girl with them and start
searching for the door they finally find
the door and alex is trying to open the
lock when the sounds of footsteps fades
away he finally succeeds in opening the
lock but as soon as he opens the door
they find the blind man standing at the
door pointing a gun at him the man
starts shooting luckily alex skips the
bullet and it hits the girl the man
comes in feels the dead body realizes
who it is and starts crying he locks the
door and leaves alex looks at the keys
and tells rocky that they can open the
front door with these keys and if they
get there they can escape the man shuts
the power down and starts shooting in
the basement alex and rocky panic and
start running around to save themselves
the man follows his senses and tries to
catch him the man gets to alex and grabs
his throat alex manages to fight him off
rocky and alex run upstairs they're
trying to lock the door behind them when
they see the dog standing in the hallway
alex gives rocky the keys and tells her
to open the door she tries to open it
when a man comes in both of them run as
fast as they can and hide in a room on
the first floor they push a cupboard in
front of the door so the man can't enter
they look around for an exit but they
can't find anything alex tells rocky to
escape through the vents while he stands
there guarding the door the blind man's
dog enters room and attacks alex he
falls out of a window and gets knocked
out when alex regains his consciousness
he sees the blind man standing at the
window the blind man shoots the skylight
and alex falls back into the house he
drags him into a utility room where he
starts beating up alex alex tries to
hurt the man but fails the man tries to
stab alex with a pair of shears but he
ends up stabbing money's corpse instead
on the other side of the house a dog
pursues rocky through the vents and the
blind man finds her he hits her and
knocks her out when she wakes up she
finds herself in the same place where he
kept the other girl she realized that
she's chained to the ceiling she tries
talking to the blind man trying to
convince him to let her go that she
understands what she's been through and
doing all of this will not bring his
daughter back he tells her that he kept
cindy the other girl because she was
going to give him a child in return of
the one she took but rocky made him kill
her he then fills a tube with a semen
goes to rocky tears her pants apart and
is about to impregnate her when alex
attacks him from behind rocky attacks
him out of anger they restrain the man
with cuffs he tells him to take the
money and get out of his house alex
tries to call 9-1-1 but rocky says they
will not be able to keep the money if
they do they then head to the front door
alex tries different keys to open the
door right when he gets the door open
the man walks behind him and shoots alex
this time alex was not lucky to survive
the shot rocky opens the door and
escapes she runs as fast as she can the
dog starts following rocky but she
climbs the fence and gets into a car but
in doing so she leaves a bag full of
money outside the dog is outside which
makes it difficult for rocky to get out
and get the bag she somehow manages to
capture the dog in the car's trunk but
as soon as she gets out she's attacked
by the blind man he drags her back to
his house and beats her she lays on the
floor crying looking at alex telling him
that she's sorry she then sees a ladybug
sitting on her finger and when it flies
away she notices the remote for the
alarm system she gets up and activates
the alarm disorienting the blind man she
then beats him with a crowbar and pushes
him into the basement knocking him out
she manages to escape the house right
before the police arrive on the scene
with the money rocky tries to escape
with diddy to california they are both
waiting to board the train when rocky
sees the news of last night's incident
the report says that the blind man was
attacked in his house by two burglars
but was able to defend himself against
them he killed both of them and
sustained some injuries but will be out
of the hospital in a few days the news
also says that the blind men declared
that no items or valuables were missing
a wave of fear comes across rocky's face
the film ends with rocky and diddy
leaving detroit through the departure
game
[Music]
you